feat: allow setting custom tsconfig file (#28104)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/typescript.md

touch tsconfig.json
```

> You can also provide a relative path to a tsconfig file by setting `typescript.tsconfigPath` inside your Next.js config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide a relative path to a tsconfig.json file by setting `typescript.tsconfigPath` prop inside your `next.config.js` file.
```

Reviewer: Let's move this paragraph down so its below the compiler options paragraph.

> You can also provide your own tsconfig file by setting `NEXT_CUSTOM_TSCONFIG="myFile.json"` in a .env file. Next.js will automatically use this tsconfig file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide a relative path to a tsconfig file by setting the `NEXT_TSCONFIG_PATH` [Environment Variable](docs/basic-features/environment-variables). For example, `NEXT_TSCONFIG_PATH="example.tsconfig.json"`
```

Lets call this `NEXT_TSCONFIG_PATH`
